README.md, before:

# Overview

Choose whatever language you're most comfortable with to solve these problems.

# Exercise

The ACME inc. tool supply company manages its operations with 3 csv files:

1. `customers.csv` keeps customer information:
    * `id` is a numeric customer id
    * `firstname` is the customer's first name
    * `lastname` is the customer's last name
2. `products.csv` keeps product info:
    * `id` is a numeric product id
    * `name` is the human-readable name
    * `cost` is the product cost in euros
3. `orders.csv` keeps order information:
    * `id` is a numeric order id
    * `customer` is the numeric id of the customer who created the order
    * `products` is a space-separated list of product ids ordered by the customer

Manually dealing with those files is hard and error-prone, and they've asked for your help writing some code to make their lives easier.

### Task 1

Right now the `orders.csv` doesn't have total order cost information.

We need to use the data in these files to emit a `order_prices.csv` file with the following columns:
* `id` the numeric id of the order
* `euros` the total cost of the order

### Task 2

The marketing department wants to know which customers are interested in each product; they've asked for a `product_customers.csv` file that, for each product, gives the list of customers who have purchased this product:
* `id` numeric product id
* `customer_ids` a space-separated list of customer ids of the customers who have purchased this product

### Task 3

To evaluate our customers, we need a `customer_ranking.csv` containing the following columns, ranked in descending order by total_euros:
* `id` numeric id of the customer
* `firstname` customer first name
* `lastname` customer last name
* `total_euros` total euros this customer has spent on products

Commit message:

Adding execution notes on readme file

README.md, after:

# Coding Challenge by Edamepsel
In this repo you are going to find the implementation for this code exercise provided by Edamepsel Santos.

All coding was done in Nodejs

# Running the code

Each of the tasks were created as a runable script as

Task1 npm run task1.js
Task2 npm run task2.js
Task3 npm run task3.js

Those can be executed independently in any order.

The required files resulting for the execution of each tasks is placed on folder ../Output/

# Libraries Used

Nodejs Libraries for csv files handling: fs, csv-parser, csv-writer

# Util Functions

# Overview

Choose whatever language you're most comfortable with to solve these problems.

# Exercise

The ACME inc. tool supply company manages its operations with 3 csv files:

1. `customers.csv` keeps customer information:
    * `id` is a numeric customer id
    * `firstname` is the customer's first name
    * `lastname` is the customer's last name
2. `products.csv` keeps product info:
    * `id` is a numeric product id
    * `name` is the human-readable name
    * `cost` is the product cost in euros
3. `orders.csv` keeps order information:
    * `id` is a numeric order id
    * `customer` is the numeric id of the customer who created the order
    * `products` is a space-separated list of product ids ordered by the customer

Manually dealing with those files is hard and error-prone, and they've asked for your help writing some code to make their lives easier.

### Task 1

Right now the `orders.csv` doesn't have total order cost information.

We need to use the data in these files to emit a `order_prices.csv` file with the following columns:
* `id` the numeric id of the order
* `euros` the total cost of the order

### Task 2

The marketing department wants to know which customers are interested in each product; they've asked for a `product_customers.csv` file that, for each product, gives the list of customers who have purchased this product:
* `id` numeric product id
* `customer_ids` a space-separated list of customer ids of the customers who have purchased this product

### Task 3

To evaluate our customers, we need a `customer_ranking.csv` containing the following columns, ranked in descending order by total_euros:
* `id` numeric id of the customer
* `firstname` customer first name
* `lastname` customer last name
* `total_euros` total euros this customer has spent on products
